<html>
<head>
<title>
personal fav.
</title>
<style>



</style>
</head>
<body>
<p>
<center>
<B><u>Finest by the Reel World</b></u>
</center>

The Godfather


An everyday story of Mafia folk, incorporating a severed horse's head in the bed and a number of heartwarming family occasions, as well as pointers on how not to behave in your local trattoria (i.e. blasting the brains of your co-diners out all over their fettuccini).

Mario Puzo's novel was brought to the screen in bravura style by Coppola, who was here trying out for the first time that piano/fortissimo style of crosscutting between religious ritual and bloody machine-gun massacre that was later to resurface in a watered-down version in The Cotton Club. See Brando with a mouthful of orange peel. Watch Pacino's cheek muscles twitch in incipiently psychotic fashion. Trace his rise from white sheep of the family to budding don and fully-fledged bad guy. Singalong to Nino Rota's irritatingly catchy theme tune. Its soap operatics should never have been presented separately from Part II.


Cast and crew

Director: Francis Ford Coppola

Screenwriter: Mario Puzo, Francis Ford Coppola

Cast: Richard Castellano
Robert Duvall
Marlon Brando
John Cazale
Diane Keaton
Richard Conte
Al Lettieri
John Marley
Sterling Hayden
Al Pacino
James Caan
Talia Shire



The Shawshank Redemption

Storyline
Andy Dufresne (Tim Robbins) is sentenced to two consecutive life terms in prison for the murders of his wife and her lover and is sentenced to a tough prison. However, only Andy knows he didn't commit the crimes. While there, he forms a friendship with Red (Morgan Freeman), experiences brutality of prison life, adapts, helps the warden, etc., all in 19 years.


Director: Frank Darabont
Writers: Stephen King , Frank Darabont (screenplay)
star cast: Tim Robbins, Morgan Freeman


Forrest Gump

Storyline
Forrest Gump is a simple man with a low I.Q. but good intentions. He is running through childhood with his best and only friend Jenny. His 'mama' teaches him the ways of life and leaves him to choose his destiny. Forrest joins the army for service in Vietnam, finding new friends called Dan and Bubba, he wins medals, creates a famous shrimp fishing fleet, inspires people to jog, starts a ping-pong craze, creates the smiley, writes bumper stickers and songs, donates to people and meets the president several times. However, this is all irrelevant to Forrest who can only think of his childhood sweetheart Jenny Curran, who has messed up her life. Although in the end all he wants to prove is that anyone can love anyone.

Cast

1. Tom Hanks - Forrest Gump  
2. Robin Wright- Jenny Curran
3. Gary Sinise- Lieutenant Dan Taylor
4. Mykelti Williamson- Bubba Blue



The Lord Of The Rings

Storyline

The future of civilization rests in the fate of the One Ring, which has been lost for centuries. Powerful forces are unrelenting in their search for it. But fate has placed it in the hands of a young Hobbit named Frodo Baggins (Elijah Wood), who inherits the Ring and steps into legend. A daunting task lies ahead for Frodo when he becomes the Ringbearer - to destroy the One Ring in the fires of Mount Doom where it was forged.

Cast 
"There were hundreds of people who acted in the movie and it would be injustice to ignore someone,so we did't publish the cast."


The Batman Trilogy

Stroyline

With the help of allies Lt. Jim Gordon (Gary Oldman) and DA Harvey Dent (Aaron Eckhart), Batman (Christian Bale) has been able to keep a tight lid on crime in Gotham City. But when a vile young criminal calling himself the Joker (Heath Ledger) suddenly throws the town into chaos, the caped Crusader begins to tread a fine line between heroism and vigilantism.

Cast

1. Christian Bale- Bruce Wayne/Batman
2. Michael Caine- Alfred Pennyworth 
3. Gary Oldman-Jim Gordon
4. Morgan Freeman-Lucius Fox
5. Cillian Murphy-Jonathan Crane
6. Heath Ledge-The Joker
7. Anne Hathaway-Catwoman
8. Tom Hardy - Bane
9. Liam Neeson- Ra's Al Ghul
11 Aaron Eckhart - Harvey Dent/Two Face
12. Maggie Gyllenhall - Rachel Dawes(Batman begins)
13Miranda Tate -Talia Al Ghul  
14. Joseph - Robin